# hyperline_client.model.error.Error

[RFC7807](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7807) compliant response. 

## Model Type Info
Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
dict, frozendict.frozendict,  | frozendict.frozendict,  | [RFC7807](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7807) compliant response.  | 

### Dictionary Keys
Key | Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**title** | str,  | str,  | A short, human-readable summary of the problem type. | 
**type** | str,  | str,  | A URI reference [RFC3986] that identifies the problem type. This specification encourages that, when dereferenced, it provide human-readable documentation for the problem type.  | 
**status** | decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | decimal.Decimal,  | The HTTP status code generated by the API server for this occurrence of the problem. | 
**detail** | str,  | str,  | A human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem. | [optional] 
**instance** | str,  | str,  | A URI reference that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem. It may or may not yield further information if dereferenced.  | [optional] 
**any_string_name** | dict, frozendict.frozendict, str, date, datetime, int, float, bool, decimal.Decimal, None, list, tuple, bytes, io.FileIO, io.BufferedReader | frozendict.frozendict, str, BoolClass, decimal.Decimal, NoneClass, tuple, bytes, FileIO | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

